Right finally we can look at the summary then you know we've Maatta out the revenue and the expenses
ready.
Now it's useful to kind of pull everything together.
Right.
So in summary I'm kind of pulling everything from the revenue part of it so we can see it right.
This is what was calculated and the revenue worksheet.
And we have this breakdown and we go all the way to the total net revenues once we have that we start
looking at the expenses or the cash flow that's going out.
So we have the total start up line that's going out then we have the headcount then we calculate all
the compensation.
Some people are getting paid during the build out and some people are only hired after the launch.
Well the instructors primarily are paying some rent and there's other overhead and other expenses.
So then we have the total spend in terms of cash flow out at that time.
So then the net cash flow will just be the difference between what's coming in versus what's going out.
We have sort of like this and pretty much all startups you're going to have a net cash flow of negative
initially for the initial months until some point where it turns around and you're making more money
than you're spending.
So we can see that that's where the turnaround is as the break even point.
Then the way we look at the actual cash flow needs though.
So we have all this to calculate what your cash flow in Csar the total net revenue that's that's cash
flow that's coming in.
Now all of this is the cash all that's going out right including your startup expenses are.
So when you take the difference and look at that collectively and cumulatively that's how you can see
a maximum cash.
So we have these net cash figures for each month.
When we look at it cumulatively right where we say we just keep adding them and what we can do is we
can see that there is some point where we have a maximum negative number.
And then after that we start to turn around.
Right.
That maximum negative number is your maximum cash deficit.
So your maximum cash need now now this rate here this maximum cash need since the negative we use the
min function to do that to find it.
And once we found it remember we're doing the startup part here's where we put it.
We have a max cash deficit.
And then just for good measure you may want to add an additional contingency on top of that a little
extra padding right.
Maybe 10 percent and then that calculates your total funding ask.
So then when you have this total funding ask you can calculate everything else in order to get there
outside of your initial startup costs is basically working capital parts for a ramp up and everything
like that so that's how we calculate your total funding need and calculate the working capital from
is when you look at the combined cash flow and find the maximum cash deficit.
All right we hope you've had fun with this model.
Now for all of the case studies we're not going to dive into each individual formula because that would
be super tedious to do that.
So just want to remind you that we're just going to go over it at a high level with the built out walk
through the logic and if you want to see how any particular model or equation is implemented you can
always go to the file and then look it up with all of the formulas are unlocked and you can see how
it really works.
But because you understand what it's trying to do then you can look at how it's done to actually make
it work.